All forms of engineering have respective standards and provisions that
determine what actions should be taken to ensure that the final product
is correct and will work in practice. An architect has building blueprints
that are verified independently, a chemical engineer has run the calculations
to ensure that the product is correct, and so on. However, there is a
glaring inconsistency with regards to software engineering due to a significant
difference in disciplines. An architect has the responsibility of designing
a building such that the building is stable and aesthetically pleasing, while
a chemical engineer has to create compounds based on the requirements given.
In a stark contrast, software engineers are required to know about multiple
programming languages, security concerns, potential failures of software,
potential failures of hardware, potential points of weakness in both security
and efficiency, and the list continues. There is clearly much more aspects that
a software engineer is required to maintain and define, which presents a
severe problem to software engineers in general. In addition, a group of
software engineers may have different expertises and experiences that
influence where their concentrations lay. Therefore, it is extremely unlikely
that one single software engineer will have all of the proficiencies to
determine problems in the program and develop code to fix those problems.  
On the other hand of that, too many developers may end up hurting efficiency,
even if they all have different proficiencies and some joined mid-project.
Naturally, it is very hard to determine the exact needs of a project,
especially if the project manager is unable to negotiate for appropriate
deadlines and budgets. That also presents a new problem: the culture of the
company that the software engineers work at. A company that has a long-standing
culture of producing products from a physical standpoint may have significant
trouble accommodating a new software engineering department in the company.
This may cause issues for any contracts that the company may take on, especially
early in the lifecycle of the department if there was not sufficient research
done to be knowledgeable in the needs of the department. This shift in software
development may ultimately cause millions of dollars in losses for the 
company. Conversely, a company that had either done research or formed
specifically as a software engineering firm would likely have a much
more understanding culture with regards to the needs of the department. while
this does not guarantee success, these factors will likely create projects
that will finish within the deadlines and budgets.  
In its entirety, software engineering is a discipline of many different aspects.
There is no one software engineer who can successfully and efficiently manage
all of these aspects of a software development project. As such, collaboration
is a necessary part of software engineering, and provided a healthy environment
in addition to a diverse team of different backgrounds and abilities, a firm
should be able to deliver their own successful projects and avoid significant
failures that may result in loss of money, life, or property.
